How does the GDP of the U.S. compare to the rest of the world ?
Which first world countries have the largest GDP ?
What is the GDP per capita for various developed nations?
What is the GDP per capita for various developed countries?
What was the GDP for the leading European countries in 2001 ?
What is the difference of GDP per capita in the U.S. and Japan in the year 2001 ?
What is the per capita GDP for countries around the world ?
How do other countries' GDP per capita compare to that of the U.S. in 2001 ?
What is the GDP of the U.S.A. ?
How does the GDP per capita compare amongst nations?
What countries had a GDP per capita less than $30,000 in 2001 ?
How does the number of Southern Baptists compare throughout the United States ?
Does religion have greater importance and impact on southern states compared to northern states ?
Which states have the highest percentage of Southern Baptists ?
What is the percentage of Baptists in the southern states ?
Which states have the highest number of Southern Baptists ?
What states have the highest percentage of Southern Baptists in the U.S. ?
What is the percent difference in Southern Baptist numbers between states ?
What religion is dominant in the south ?
Which countries have the same amount of Southern Baptists ?
Which religions are most prevalent in the southern states ?
How does the amount of children adopted from Russia to the U.S. compare to other countries ?
Which country has adopted the most children from the U.S.A. ?
What are the countries from which Americans adopted the most children ?
What is the total number of children adopted in the FY2009 from various countries ?
Which nationalities were adopted the most ?
How many children were adopted from China by U.S. citizens in the year 2009 as opposed to other countries ?
Which countries have Americans adopted the most children from ?
How has the trend in adopting kids changed over the past years ?
Which country has the most adopted children ?
From which country do Americans adopt the most children ?
What country are Americans most likely to adopt from ?
Which countries do Americans tend to adopt children from most often ?
How does the amount of communication towers today compare to the amount it was in past years ?
How has the number of communication towers changed since 1970 ?
What is the trend in the number of communication towers since the 1970s ?
What is the trend of the number of communication towers since the 1970s ?
What is the number of cell towers from the past 30 years ?
How has the amount of communication towers increased over the past three decades ?
How has the number of communication towers changed over time ?
How has the amount of communication towers increased over the last four decades ?
How has the amount of communication towers changed in the past 30 years ?
How has the amount of communication towers grown over time ?
When did communication towers become so prevalent ?
What was the amount of communication towers in 1985 ?
How has the number of communication towers risen since the 1970s ?
How many communication towers have been built in the last thirty years ?
How do first quarter album sales compare over the years ?
What was the trend of music album sales around the millennium ?
How did album sales change from 1998 to 2002 ?
How many albums were sold in the first quarter around the beginning of the 21st century ?
What is the total number of sales for the first quarter ?
What is the number of albums sold in the past 5 years ?
How many albums were sold in the first quarter from the year 1998 to 2002 ?
How many albums were sold in the first quarter over the years 1998-2002 ?
How has the number of albums sold changed in the past 5 years ?
How have album sales changed from the late 90s to the early 2000s ?
How many albums were sold between 1998 and 2002 ?
How does the total number of albums sold in the first quarter compare in terms of year from 1998 to 2002 ?
How many albums have been sold over time ?
How many millions of albums were sold in 2000 ?
How has the number of albums purchased changed from 1998 to 2002 ?
How have album sales fared during the first quarter of the past couple of years ?
How does the circulation of American Express compare with other card companies ?
What is the most popular credit card ?
What is the number of various credit cards in circulation ?
What is the trend of credit cards being used in the United States in 2003 ?
How do the numbers of credit cards in circulation compare among issuers ?
How has credit card circulation changed since 2003 ?
In 2003, how many credit cards from each credit card company were in circulation ?
What credit card is most commonly used ?
What is the most used credit card ?
In the U.S., who were the leading credit card circulators in 2003 ?
In 2003, which credit card companies were the most popular in the United States ?
How many credit cards does each major credit card company have in circulation ?
How has the rate of bankruptcy changed in Delaware ?
Has the amount of Delaware residents that filed for bankruptcy changed over time ?
How has the number of personal bankruptcies in Delaware changed since 1998 ?
How many people filed for bankruptcy in Delaware from the year 1998 ?
What is the bankruptcy rate in the past 5 years ?
In what year did people file for bankruptcy the most in between the years of 1998 and 2001 ?
How does the number of bankruptcy filings change from year to year ?
What are the personal filings with regards to Delaware's bankruptcy from 1998-2001 ?
How does the number of personal filings compare in terms of year from 1998 to 2001 ?
What was the number of personal filings in 1999 ?
Is the number of individual bankruptcy filings in Delaware increasing or decreasing ?
How many residents of Delaware have filed for bankruptcy in the past four years ?
How has the economy affected the number of personal bankruptcies in Delaware ?
At what rate has the amount of endangered animals increased ?
How has the number of endangered species changed in the U.S. ?
How has the number of endangered species changed in the last 20 years ?
What is the trend of endangered species in the U.S.A. from 1986 ?
What is the trend of endangered species in the U.S.A. in the last 20 years ?
How many endangered species and plants are there ?
How has the quantity of endangered species changed in the U.S.A. ?
How has the endangered species count changed over the past 20 years ?
What is the rate of change of "endangered" or "threatened" wildlife in the last 20 years ?
By how much has the amount of species on the Endangered Species List changed since 1986 ?
How has the number of endangered animals changed over time ?
What is the rate of increase in the number of plants from 1990 to 1996 ?
Over the last couple of decades, has the number of endangered animals improved ?
In the U.S., how has the number of endangered species changed in the last few decades ?
What is the percentage change in same-store sales for Men's Warehouse ?
How have sales changed over the 2 year span ?
How has Men's Warehouse percentage of same-store sales changed from 2003 to 2005 ?
What is the change in sales at Men's Warehouse ?
How has the amount of sales changed at the Men's Warehouse ?
How has the price of oil changed during the last few months ?
What are the typical oil prices during the first quarter ?
How have oil prices changed in the last 3 months ?
How did oil price change from Jan to Mar ?
What is the trend of oil prices from January to March ?
What was the cost of oil in the first quarter ?
What is the trend of oil prices per barrel from January to March ?
How has the price of a barrel of oil fluctuated over the past 12 months ?
How have oil prices changed since March 24 ?
How have the oil prices changed from January to March ?
How has the price per barrel of oil changed recently ?
How have oil prices fluctuated in the last three months ?
How has the price of oil changed ?
What was the sales performance of Daimler/Chrysler in the past decade ?
How did Durango sales change from 1997 to 2006 ?
What is the trend of Durango sales in the last ten years ?
What is the trend of Durango sales in the last 10 years ?
What is the sales trend for the Dodge Durango ?
How have Durango sales changed between 1999 and 2006 ?
How has the rate of Durango sales varied from the mid 90s to the mid 2000s ?
How many Chrysler Durangos have ben sold over time ?
How has the rate of SUV sales changed over time ?
How many cars were sold in 1999 during the Durango sales ?
How has the number of SUVs sold per year changed in the past couple of decades ?
How many Durangos have been sold in the last nine years ?
How has the number of YouTube visitors changed ?
How has the number of visitors to YouTube increased from 2005 to 2006 ?
How did the number of unique visitors to the site change from 8/05 to 8/06 ?
How has the number of people viewing YouTube changed ?
What is the increase in the amount of visitors to YouTube's website from the year 2005 to 2006 ?
What is the trend of YouTube visitors ?
How many special visitors visited the site in the last year ?
How has the number of YouTube viewers changed in recent years ?
What is the change in YouTube viewers over time ?
How has the YouTube demographic changed since its creation ?
How has the percentage of kids who used cigarettes changed ?
How has the percentage of adolescent smokers changed over the last decade ?
What is the percentage of 8th graders who have used cigarettes in the last 30 days ?
How did the number of smokers change from 96 to 05 ?
What is the percentage of eighth graders that smoke since 1996 ?
How many kids have used cigarettes in the past 10 years ?
What is the trend of 8th grade smokers over the past 10 years ?
What is the trend of underage tobacco use ?
What are the statistics showing the ratio of 8th grade smokers over the years 1996-2005 ?
How has cigarette use among 8th graders changed between 1996 and 2005 ?
What are the smoking habits of children in the last 15 years ?
How many eighth graders were frequent smokers in 2005 compared to 1996 ?
How has the percentage of those who have used cigarettes in the past 30 days changed from 1996 to 2005 ?
Has child smoking increased over the last decade ?
How many 8th graders smoke cigarettes ?
How has the percent of children using nicotine products changed in the last ten years ?
How has the rate of American Idol viewers changed throughout the last decade ?
How has the amount of American Idol viewers changed ?
How popular is American Idol ?
How did the viewers of Fox's American Idol change from 02 to 10 ?
What is the trend of viewership for American Idol between season 5 and 10 ?
How many people watch American Idol ?
What is the trend of the amount of viewers watching American Idol over the past decade ?
What is the trend of American Idol viewership ?
What is the average number of American Idol viewers for the last ten seasons ?
Is American Idol declining in popularity ?
How have the ratings for Fox's television show American Idol changed since the first season ?
How many viewers watched American Idol during the past ten years ?
What is the change in monthly sales at GAP ?
What is the change in monthly sales at GAP over the last year ?
What is the trend of the amount of GAP shoppers from the year 2004 to 2005 ?
What is the trend of GAP store sales over a yearly period ?
What are the monthly gaps in the same store sales ?
How much is the annual salary of American families between 04-05 ?
How have GAP's store sales varied in the last year ?
How much did the sales for GAP change during the Christmas of 2004 and 2005 ?
How has the number of shoppers at GAP shifted over the course of a year ?
How have the percent of sales changed at GAP ?
How has the price of uranium changed ?
How has the price of uranium changed since 1990 ?
How did fission trip uranium price change from the 1990s to the 2000s ?
What is the fluctuation in price of uranium since the 1990s ?
What was the historical price of uranium ?
How has the price of uranium changed over time ?
How has the rate of uranium usage changed between 1990-2000 ?
How has the price of uranium changed in the last 30 years ?
What is the lowest price of uranium after 2000 and in what year ?
How has the price of uranium shifted in the past decade ?
How have precious metal prices risen in the past couple decades ?